are you guys pumped David what are you
most excited about spectacle and just
the fact we haven't seen a Superman
movie since I was six and a lot of
people didn't like it looking forward to
the Terrence Malick cinematography in
his childhood yeah yeah I'll watch the
minute some really cool shots I'm
excited about the soundtrack is I think
Hans Zimmer is gonna bring it we said to
see a Superman movie where he punches
something
like it they just said like nights we
used to wear this on Krypton legal I'm
like that when you made me feel better
I created life for myself hey everybody
we just saw Man of Steel and it's 3
o'clock in the morning we went to a
midnight show we didn't do any of that
critic press screening no we paid for
our ticket we're meant to go see zack
snyder's magnum opus
yes 3d we did we saw 3d and I'm supposed
to return those ok but that's why 3d
tickets cost so much because of guys
like you let's talk a little bit man
drew I'm Ryan and I'm David before we
cut into everything about the film did
we like the movie I personally I didn't
really like this movie mm-hmm
I enjoyed it it didn't live up to the
promise that that amazing trailer did
which is kind of indicative of the Zack
Snyder kind of thing he makes amazing
trailers in his movies kind of
underwhelm I will say that the gap is
being closed it was closer really then
you know the Watchmen gap but I was you
know I liked it I enjoyed it but
certainly I've heard claims that it's
the best superhero movie ever made I do
not think that's yeah I agree I don't
think it's the best superhero movie ever
made but if you want a Superman movie
that does something new and it does it
with a very dark night feel that that's
this movie and I did enjoy it so it's
new for Superman but it's not definitely
for Superman and I hear a lot of buzz
about Justice League but I don't think
really I didn't really think about that
when I was watching it but it kind of
seems like you know this is definitely
the biggest movie of the year
I think you can tell because like the
third act just goes it's like pure like
like the visual effects are outstanding
though the trailers really play up with
a lot of people been talking about like
the Terrence Malick aspect of it with a
really shallow focus on artistic shots
that is in there but it doesn't like
take prominence over it it's like 90%
there is a really natural feel to the
movie they kind of play like with what
Superman would be like in a real world
though which is cool it's Zack Snyder he
brings a lot of his visual flair to it
but honestly I think it's a it's a
pretty restrained Zack Snyder I liked I
thought he brought like stuff to the
action that was innovative and I kind of
him but also not like what we'd expect
in terms of random slow moans
like that I always felt like I had a
good bead on what was going on while he
was covering the action really
interestingly we can't just hark on JJ
Abrams for being the lens flare guy
anymore
because he saw Star Trek and boy did he
see Star Trek not only does he do the
lens flare thing but he does that thing
where because it's a fully CG shot in
order yes
yeah and there's a million zooms the
first 20 minutes or so take place on
Krypton yeah
and that which is the best my favorite
sort of an avatar feel to with that
flying dragon yeah and it's definitely
not like the Marlon Brando jor-el or
whether you're standing around in a room
oh it's it's action-packed it keeps your
attention yeah yeah and it's really
expansive like what they show of Krypton
the geography and topography is really
really interesting and new and Russell
Crowe is really good in this he is he's
the best thing about the movie he's yeah
he's I mean he's a great actor Michael
Shannon who appears really early and is
obviously kind of our villains General
Zod it appears throughout also very
strong it was really weird to see him in
this kind of role yeah because I'm used
to person well that's not me but it was
weird to see him in like a movie this
big where he actually punches some but I
thought he pulled it off he was really
you know odd and threatening he brought
his Michael Shannon flare to it they're
trying so hard to put set pieces in so
often yeah that one starts to wonder
although he's from an alien planet
growing up on earth like a lot of stuff
seems to happen around and to Clark Kent
that's true like he's missing and we'll
rig sorry he's a part of that bus yeah
also the way that they kind of tornado
hitch these these things that are
happening around him the tort the
tornado all by their in Kansas and stuff
and like you know bad things happen but
the bus accident which is kind of
featured in the trailer they're just
driving and then the tire blows out it's
like no of course the tire blows out and
the bus goes over a bridge that's what
happens here like it's not like there
there's no time to build up to it
there's no sense of dread it's like they
cut out a lot especially with that oil
rig it's like oil rig let's save them
let's move on the next scene there's
just kind of like nothing an auctioneer
there's there's this weird sense of like
nothing meaning anything it's just a set
piece to get to the next set piece it's
like you said
and I wanted those big emotional moments
because that trailer kind of hints at
these big emotional moments and even
when those moments come in the movie
there usually there's other action
happening over them or they end way too
quickly or there's no build-up to them
so you never really get to feel the move
or yeah like you said before there's so
much obvious text to it that you feel so
manipulated you can't allow it to really
resonate with you yeah just it's nothing
there is a one of these things I don't
like one of the things I really don't
like about the movie is that this is a
bleak and cold universe where there's
just simple cause and effects there's
nothing interesting about any of these
characters like Russell Crowe gives a
really good performance for what he has
Henry Cavill he looks the part III think
he was robbed the opportunity a lot like
Brannon Ravi has robbed the opportunity
to really get into a meaty Superman role
or Clark Kent role Amy Adams wasted
completely wasted she says things that
have an immediate cause and effects the
plot there's nothing else about her
character there's nothing else about any
of these characters these are characters
I would not want to have a drink with
these are the characters I would not
want to like if I saw them they would
just sit there until the next plot point
would have to come over I think Henry
Cavill is awesome as Superman I think he
has thought it is more dialogue than
brad and Ralph did and Superman Returns
I especially love a scene in the bar
when he gets like really everyone's like
routing from just to punch the guy but
he still like that's what makes him
Superman he's such a Boy Scout and like
they kept that in the movie I think just
like visually he almost looks like they
drew him like he looks so he does look
he looks like an illustration that came
to life it looks exactly like a now
trust drawing it's in unbeliev yeah I
was thinking watching Superman and Lois
Lane's relationship I was thinking this
is sweet it's like two thirteen year
olds and then I was like wait a second
this is like two thirteen year olds so
it worked on one level and completely
utterly
homes and Christian Bale I did not like
that I'm gonna say something a little
right a lot of the movies problems
I don't blame Zack Snyder that's right I
think he can't get a job
this is who I blame David Esquire right
now I'm gonna say something I'm gonna
backtrack and and save myself and then
I'm gonna elaborate the story is by
David s Goyer and Christopher Nolan
those guys are story men David a school
especially is a story man he comes up
with great stories he collaborates with
people wonderfully the screenplay was
written by David s Goyer and the
dialogue borders on embarrassing it the
dialogue is terrible I I said there's no
subtext in this movie this movie is all
text yeah he's like just text everybody
it's everything they say it's just right
on the nose one thing I do think that
this film benefits from is really
embracing the sci-fi that's that's for
sure true like they really I mean
Superman's an alien like all Kryptonians
or aliens and they they literally just
call him an alien over and over
- does it seem like they were making
this movie like they were benefiting
from knowing what's been successful in
huge blockbusters of the legacy ix years
whatever like they get it and it was
obvious Star Trek seemed to work really
well let's do that and then they were
like people like flying things in Avatar
let's do that they like the dark tone in
the Dark Knight movies let's do that and
it just felt like this mishmash
accompany what's been successful even
the iconography like it like the matrix
babies like yeah just a lot of things
those dream people are doing like in
transformers 3 look at building cut in
half
yeah that does hurt yeah that happens
like three times that three or four
times yeah and the even the helmets look
like the alien slash Prometheus yeah you
know space jockey Superman is always
such a tough character for them to nail
and I still don't think they've
completely got I don't think I think
they're they're still the definitive
Superman movie is yet to be made as far
as showing loneliness I mean I know in
an interview Zack Snyder said there was
there's no kryptonite this kryptonite is
sort of alienation and loneliness I
think that's really well done
let's talk about the climax of the film
though yeah the last quarter of the film
but I mean the very very violent I
doesn't mean
bad or good it's just not usual the
Superman movie CI I have to say and this
is this is completely a thing that makes
me stupid and whatever I have weird
morality issues when it comes to the
stuff but George Lucas used to say it's
actually easy to do drama all you have
to do is choke a cat and I feel like
blockbusters these days go for the
choking of the cat when it comes to 911
imagery and I think they kind of abused
it the millions of people that died in
this movie I didn't feel any weight to
them dying I feel injures they show some
like news footage of like yeah and now
we're fixing the New York City in Star
Trek is a movie that the last star trek
into darkness is a movie that I think
also kind of kind of abused this choking
of the cat which is who easy drama I'm
just gonna vote 9/11 imagery to you and
then you're gonna feel something because
we all remember where we were that day
and I like whether you say it like is
just destroying buildings 9/11 imagery
well it is post 9/11 in O'Mara there's a
scene to that and I it just felt
completely bleak to me and you look at
the dark night with a couple barrels of
gasoline and and some gunpowder like a
handful of people died in that movie
it's true yeah there's so much movie is
insane and like in the dark night there
were so much fear and emotional heft and
darkness and weight to it it earns every
step of the way and it takes life
seriously
it takes the loss of life seriously and
in a movie like this or into darkness so
many people die that it's just like
whatever like okay this has no way
anymore it's just to the point of
ridiculousness
to me a lot of people die in the
fictional world of the movie and that
last act they're not given the credence
that fictional people dying fictional II
deserve but man does a lot of stuff blow
up yeah it's like I've never I've never
seen so much destruction in 30 minutes
of film as there were in this thirty
minutes of film it's just remote you're
your execution craft standpoint it's
really impressive how much action is
actually put into that final by Mac so
you think it's over like you they've
okay do you think it's over and then
there's a little other character for
them to take care of and then at one
point they were fighting in Metropolis I
didn't know that there was any
metropolis left to knock over and I
thought I hope they go into space now
what they do next went straight in the
space and he threw a satellite at him
yeah it was incredible it was it was
Wayne Wayne Enterprises satellite so
there's Justice League although I I
wouldn't want to see Justice League I
don't know that's definitely which might
discuss that yeah I know this universe
is the universe that you can have Green
Lantern Wonder Woman Aquaman certainly
flash I don't I don't know how you gonna
like flashy runs around fun yeah and
then and then Batman is just way too
grounded in reality and I can see like
Christian Bale being like well I'm just
gonna sit here cuz I can't jump up into
space I can't get hit by a freight train
but literally if you did a Justice
League movie without adjusting this
universe whatsoever
it would just be square jawed man
fruiting in rooms and everybody would
just be angry totally dark and no one
would have a good time okay in
conclusion I enjoyed the film however I
just feel like it felts very similar to
an amazing spider-man or the Dark Knight
where they're all trying to do this sort
of broody superhero movie based in
reality and that's still good but you
know remember one like Batman Begins
came out and like revolutionized you
know like every movie since then still
kind of waiting for a revolutionary
superhero movie Avengers is debate is
revolutionary but I was hoping for maybe
something a little bit different a
little less predictable but I still
really like the movie I enjoyed the
movie I wish that there was more
emotional heft to it I wish should have
been led left to breathe I wish that it
was like the two-and-a-half-hour version
of that amazing trailer that they're
released it didn't quite get there for
me but the same time just from an
execution standpoint I thought the
action was really really great and I
thought some of the performances were
really good even though they were
fighting against writing it didn't
really care for the film I'm sorry
I do think it was ambitious I
do think Zack Snyder genuinely tried to
do something out of his comfort rain
zone and he should be applauded for that
I just don't think it landed and I think
he should stop making movies that tried
to say something because he can't say
anything it never hits any it never
earns any of the emotionality that it
claims to have it never earns any of the
intelligence or any of the kind of
theological aspects that it claims to
have it just kind of builds all that up
and then just executes a action sequence
or action set-pieces that just go on and
on and on and have no way emotionally to
me and I was a little bit disappointed
by that all right let us know what you
think you're seeing it this weekend the
world's seen it this weekend so comment
below let us know what you think of Zack
Snyder's Man of Steel yeah written by
David s Goyer story by Christopher Nolan
David Esquire anyway thank you for
joining us it's very late and I'm tired
and I'm Ryan I'm Andrew and I'm David
thanks for watching I do like movies
you